Trump tweets generated by Tensorflow/TextgenRNN 

Temperature 0.2:
Here the network was pretty obsessive about repeating certain words: Democrats and Jobs 

	
	I am pleased to the U.S. and Jobs, Jobs, Jobs, Jobs, Jobs, and the Democrats are the storm with the U.S. is respect to end the same time doing a great job

	The Democrats are making a big disgraceful process of people will be a great people are not include the Democrats are the ones who were made up stories in the Wall. I was long and security at the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/paWEiGHGiH


Here's some that could completely pass as Trump tweets: (still at 0.2 very obsessed with repeating about Democrats)


	The Democrats are working hard to get to start numbers are working to end the world. It is a total disaster....

	The Democrats are working hard to get to start run intent to take a country that is going to stop the great people of Pennsylvania. 

	RT @realDonaldTrump: Commerce Witch Hunt is the only Collusion!


At 0.5 the neural network didn't repeat as much, but it got crazy sometimes.

	The Democrats are expensive deal, under OPEN TO DOLENT HO THE RESPECTED AGAIN OR YOUR TO HOUSE IS IN THE WORKER WORST STERITIOD. 

	RT @realDonaldTrump: Already Chief of Staff. Fairnes Memos. Genter on Mississippi - I love you!

	The U.S. is sees sooooo bolien...........

	Septateman, and others of our Country! Very unpopts!

	I back in OFESE Trump Campaign! Great!


Then others that could pass at 0.5 as real:

	RT @realDonaldTrump: “Witch Hunt!

	The Fake News Media is going very well!

	.....The Fake News is stronger than ever before. We are never have been started and so much more!

	RT @The_Trump_Train: Economy is soooo can be removed in fact it was not allow the hardened crossing the future... Bad!

	The Witch Hunt continues, including the news conference in the first to replace people that are the energy on the entire Bush family, our Military and our Vets.

